Roberts appeared to be dead ;
It seemed to him that a long time had passed before he decided what to do .
They would have to .
One thing , he thought , nobody knows about it yet .
Walking away on impulse , he might logically leave behind what it was inconvenient to carry .
He could feel it on his face and in his hair .
He put it in his own pocket for safekeeping .
Then he went back for Roberts .
He got it onto his shoulder after some work and carried it outside and down to the Jeep .
It wasn't like carrying the suitcase .
He could feel himself falling in with it and being unable to get out .
Then he got on his knees and rolled Roberts' body toward the edge .
The body lay in an awkward sprawl twelve or fifteen feet below the level of the tunnel floor .
He made his way back to the Jeep .
He put in a call to Cunningham from his hotel room .
Well , I do remember one .
I can look it up .
He hurried across to the courthouse and caught the sheriff just as he was leaving .
Carruthers crossed the room to a metal door with an open grillework in the top half .
He pulled it open .
It won't open from inside .
But he pulled away from the irrelevant old volumes and walked around to the newer ones .
He staggered over and dropped it on the table .
The air conditioner was no longer running .
He jumped up and turned around to see the metal door closing .
And all because of Domokous !
She'd be through here , just no time at all -- leave this kind of thing 'way behind .
No need say anything at all to the old woman .
It wasn't as if she wanted much .
Prettier , she'd do her hair another way ;
Already the thermometer stood close to ninety .
Ben and Lucien have gone after them .
It's silly , childish , running after them like that .
I told Ben so .
Rilly or Glendora had entered her room while she slept , bringing back her washed clothes .
So suppose somebody only wished to frighten her , so she would leave Honotassa !
Glendora put down a dish of lukewarm rice .
They wouldn't go hungry , not yet .
George didn't look up at all .
I mean I've got to -- to see to the kitchen .
