He knew now what he was up against .
Every plane that could fly was sent into the air .
No one had much to say .
The pilots' heads looked ridiculously small .
Underneath him the sea was a dark and muddied gray .
He moved the flights over against one wall .
Perfect , he thought .
It was going to be dangerous .
Greg's fingers closed on the stick trigger .
He pushed stick and rudder and entered the overcast on his back .
Maybe I would beat old Herry to Siberia after all .
Something pulled my leg .
Beyond it the gray road stretched a long , long way .
She was wearing nothing beneath the coat .
Haven't we haven't I seen you .
That always relaxes me .
I shook my head .
I looked at my watch .
That was all she said .
He filled me in .
The arrangement turned out to be excellent .
I was thinking about that .
And now I think we can use the knowledge they passed on to us .
But Nicolas , too , was being interrupted , that morning .
Mary Jane Lerner knew none of this .
That long night with Nicolas and marijuana in Venice had opened her eyes .
The next day he was gone .
Mary Jane had smilingly said .
He half woke and rolled over with his face in the cooler grass .
Mary Jane got up , quietly , and walked away .
Rather erotically he listened to the bath water running ;
When it stopped he began busily typing , sitting up in a virtuous way .
Mary Jane had made very little effort .
Meredith began falling in love .
It tastes a little like poppyseed .
But he read on .
In a way , he couldn't blame her .
She had jumped away from his shy touch like a cat confronted by a sidewinder .
He wanted to turn them , putting the wagon against the storm .
He swung up over the wheel .
The girl crawled out into the renewing warmth of the sunshine , hugging her shoulders and still trembling .
It raced closer and they could see a woman with white hair , sitting astride an upright branch .
But as the tree passed , she lifted an arm in gesture of better luck and farewell .
He furled the slashed sides of the canvas tarpaulins , leaving the ribs and wagon open .
We couldn't budge them .
Heave on those ropes ;
We had drifted closer .
It was perhaps 80 feet high and had been artfully constructed of logs .
He said to his partner .
Ramey smiled but he thought to himself , I always see me too .
When they were ready to leave , Benson and Ramey walked back around the rear of the trailer .
The feeling subsided , it was only a small yearning .
The girl looked around at the countryside .
Her glance swung past the trailer where the two drivers were standing .
The two drivers moved closer .
Benson said to Ramey .
He turned and bent over the body of the Indian .
He moaned and pulled the hand away .
He did not look around .
Then she saw Ramey and her face was misshapen with bewilderment .
She said , her voice rising .
He walked straight up to the man sitting on the ground and bent over to look at him .
He smiled at her sincerity .
Keith was snarling now .
And he loves you because you're a beautiful woman .
But Keith looked down more than up .
They don't go for bull-like muscle , as a rule .
The chaplain married them , on the next day .
They came upon cheetal deer at woodland pools .
He stared stonily at the floor .
A note of awe came into his voice .
You don't head back down again .
Now he was going to show how much he knew .
Waddell muttered something about taking a look around and climbed up to the flying bridge .
Waddell turned to face him .
Waddell asked , frowning .
He started out the door .
I will make him distributor for all of Florida -- a big market .
All tourists come to Florida .
Said a Hail Mary , slowly and with understanding .
He crossed himself again and rose .
He crossed the next meadow and climbed a tree where the jungle trail resumed .
Matsuo repeatedly choked down his own nausea .
Cautious feet stepping on leafmold ;
The jungle did not retort .
But jumping right up , he staggered in no particular direction .
With a sudden decisiveness he lurched in Matsuo's direction , crossing the meadow in a zigzagging gallop .
They could come on him now without difficulty .
Matsuo jumped when the hidden arm flopped out .
The bullet had penetrated in the area of the right collarbone ;
He had no use any longer for exact time , even had the watch been running .
Matsuo shook his head .
Matsuo shook his head .
Matsuo walked toward his tree , once glancing back .
He aimed , but listened .
Matsuo shook his head .
Before much longer the marine quieted down .
A third shot doused the light .
Somebody brought a light .
The law-abiding citizens of Petrie had gathered inside Kaster's Store , halfway down the street .
Leaving his rifle in the wagon , Tilghman walked up to the door and hammered on it .
Tilghman closed the door behind him and walked towards the fire .
He walked right up to the fire as though blissfully unaware of the guns covering him .
He wouldn't look Tilghman in the face .
But they never said anything , so he figured it was all right .
The first two or three days they went home early .
He scarcely saw them .
Then he smiled shyly .
He had been conning the freights for a long , long time now .
At first gratingly , caught by grains of corn -- then with a clash into its slot .
Then the boy straight-armed himself up , twisting at the last moment so he landed sitting .
Feathertop interrupted , standing up , brushing the pig offal from his dirty pants .
They whirled and saw him , standing there dim in the slatted light from the boarded freight wall .
Feathertop made an elaborate motion with his hand .
They couldn't have much dough , but then none of the freight-bums Feathertop rolled had much .
He grinned at them wolfishly .
Feathertop aimed a finger at him .
He had it all doped , of course .
She snapped at him .
He looked up and grinned .
He didn't want us to get married .
She looked down at her hands , too .
But that had been a time before all this , a time he didn't think about .
A time before the white lightning and the bumming had turned him inside out .
It could have been Bari or Chieti for the way it smelled .
They kept him alive , waiting .
And as for his pipe , if he wanted to smoke one , nobody would stop him .
But the boy could see only the goat's belly .
She stopped flying into rages and started digesting her food ;
Something had to be done ;
Something had to be done .
Doc Dunne and Miss Sis had come .
He swung in through his own wide gateway .
It had always seemed to rain there , and even the grass was gray .
She had black eyes , long and intriguingly tilted , and the way she walked was melody .
But she suffered in her off-duty hours .
This was one of the Navy's crossroads -- you find them all around the world .
When he saw Tommy sitting alone , the tinkling sound stopped .
Tommy said out of her cold rage .
She felt like a fool , too .
She looked around , self-consciously .
Two other Japanese girls were sitting at the tables , both quite pretty and well groomed .
Ahah , he thought , a lush divorcee at last .
He was disappointed to find a nervous , scrawny woman with a big hat standing at the door .
She said , semi-professionally .
She smiled in a sickly-tolerant fashion .
She stood indecisively for a moment , then walked down the hall ;
Then he realized he was hungry .
The glisten of the Truckee River made a wide spangle .
There were more women than men in the place , but he couldn't find a flowerpot .
He passed two brides , both wearing orchids , and they made him feel a little sad .
He was shorter and fatter than Owen , who felt good standing next to him .
An African knife and battle-ax are at this moment being sharpened by McKinley and Green .
Adrien Deslonde hastened to Alexander's side .
Three days had passed since Spencer's arrest and each day had brought new dangers , new fears .
This tragic lad had forged his own shackles .
The hazel eyes met Alexander's .
His eyes went back to contemplation of the sea .
The air smelled warmish and foul .
A young man appeared out of a side alley and walked toward us with quick strides .
I turned and watched him stride down the center of the road .
She led me into a twisting side alley .
Rapping the stick against the desk .
The guttural language from the ghetto stopped .
I stared at him for a long time .
I rubbed my hands together .
They had turned numb and prickly in the classroom .
The old man in the baggy clothes waited at the foot of the steps .
She passed by him .
I didn't look at him .
She smiled to herself .
All of it might have been heroic , but they had done it in the wrong place .
Ready to follow her impulse .
Your mother wanted to bring children to Israel so that they could leave their ghettos .
Here they did not need to be in ghettos .
At first I thought they were relatives of your mother , but it was not so .
He had the black numerals on his arm , so he had been branded in a concentration camp .
We were sitting together , talking .
I asked her if she would , and she said she would not .
She came to me one day .
He would never let her harm herself again .
And I'll take you with me .
You could wish that .
And I'll take you with me .
The mayor envisioned factories there .
Like certain expensive restaurants , just sitting there gave you the illusion of being wealthy yourself .
Partly , it was because Pendleton himself wasn't what I anticipated .
I don't even own the house I'm standing in .
Dolly Engisch was waiting there on the steps and she came running toward us .
Then the telephoning began .
Everyone stared at me and drew back .
It is not their avoidance that rankles ;
She haunted me ;
I sleep with you .
You look like a tweedy Englishman .
But it was a hopeful sign , he told himself .
Then they took a taxi to Trastevere .
It was all too wearying .
When they walked into the Ferraro apartment , the old lady , bowing and smiling , said softly .
She would turn to them , then turn to him , then turn again .
